Change xcm-sdk page showing changes to toDecimal function return type (#561)
PureStake/moonbeam-docs: builders/interoperability/xcm/xcm-sdk/xcm-sdk.md

### Utility Functions {: #sdk-utils }

> The XCM SDK provides three utility functions: `isXcmSdkDeposit`, `isXcmSdkWithdraw`, and XCM UTILS `toDecimal`, `toBigInt` and `hasDecimalOverflow`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are utility functions in both the XCM SDK and the XCM Utilities packages. The XCM SDK provides the following SDK-related utility functions:

- `isXcmSdkDeposit`
- `isXcmSdkWithdraw`

And the XCM Utilities package provides the following generic utility functions:

- `toDecimal`
- `toBigInt`
- `hasDecimalOverflow`
```

made this change in a separate PR so, moving it to this one (and adding `hasDecimalOverflow`) as this will probably get merged first

#### Convert Balance to Decimal or BigInt {: #decimals }

> To convert a balance to decimal format, you can use the `toDecimal` function which returns a given number in decimal format based on the number of decimals provided. You can optionally pass in a value a third argument to dictate the maximum number of decimal places used, otherwise the default is `6`; and a fourth argument which dictates the [rounding method](https://mikemcl.github.io/big.js/#rm) of the number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To convert a balance to decimal format, you can use the `toDecimal` function, which returns a given number in decimal format based on the number of decimals provided. You can optionally pass in a value for a third argument to dictate the maximum number of decimal places used; otherwise, the default is `6`; and a fourth argument that dictates the [rounding method](https://mikemcl.github.io/big.js/#rm){target=_blank} of the number.
```

> The `toDecimal` function returns a `Big` number type that you can convert to number or string using its methods `toNumber`, `toFixed`, `toPrecision` and `toExponential`. We recomend using them as `string` since big numbers or numbers with a lot of decimals can lose precision using `number` types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `toDecimal` function returns a Big number type that you can convert to a number or string using its methods `toNumber`, `toFixed`, `toPrecision`, and `toExponential`. We recommend using them as a string, since big numbers or numbers with a lot of decimals can lose precision when using number types.
```
